Clarify behavior of template repo usage in GitHub Classroom (#29840)
github/docs: content/education/manage-coursework-with-github-classroom/teach-with-github-classroom/create-an-assignment-from-a-template-repository.md

To use the template repository for your assignment, the template repository must be owned by your organization, or the visibility of the template repository must be public.

> Note that all branches from the template repository will be copied into student repositories derived from the template repository (including any [solution branches](https://github.com/education/classroom/issues/2453)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note %}

**Note:** All branches from the template repository are copied into student repositories derived from the template repository, even branches you use to store solutions.

{% endnote %}
```
